Graduate DefaultPodTopologySpread to beta (#24852)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-topology-spread-constraints.md

### Cluster-level default constraints

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.19" state="beta" >}}

> 

Reviewer: Is this [what feature] moving to GA?

Author: Not really, this is GA since 1.19, along with the rest of the feature in this doc. Should I fix in master instead?

Reviewer 2: I think it's _also_ OK to fix the master branch, but not wrong to fix it here.

Author: #24866

the topology keys specified in the spreading constraints.
{{< /note >}}

If a default spreading is not desired in your cluster, you can disable it in the

> `PodTopologySpread` plugin args:

Reviewer: Could you provide a bit more detail? Do you set the `defaultConstraints` to an empty list?
`If a default spreading topology is not desired in your cluster, you can disable it by setting the `defaultConstraints` to ... ?

Author: See update

the topology keys specified in the spreading constraints.
{{< /note >}}

> If a default spreading is not desired in your cluster, you can disable it by setting

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don't want to use the default Pod spreading constraints for your cluster, you can disable
those defaults by setting
```
?

Author: Sg

you can disable those defaults by setting `defaultingType` to `List` and leaving

> empty `defaultConstraints`in the `PodTopologySpread` plugin configuration:

Reviewer: nit: add a space after `defaultConstraints`

Author: fixed. Too many rookie mistakes :cry:

Reviewer: 🎉

```yaml
apiVersion: kubescheduler.config.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: KubeSchedulerConfiguration

profiles:
  - pluginConfig:
      - name: PodTopologySpread
        args:

>           defaultConstraints: []

Reviewer 3: @alculquicondor What if user don't specify `args.defaultConstraints` while specifying "defaultingType: List"? I think it also works, right?

Author: It does work. I just went with the configuration that it's more explicit and easier to explain.
